---
title: "FAQs"
url: "https://open.larksuite.com/document/uAjLw4CM/ukTMukTMukTM/reference/approval-v4/approval-related-faqs"
service: "approval-v4"
resource: "approval-related-faqs"
section: "Approval"
updated: "1676430221000"
---

# FAQs

FAQs when using "Lark's Approval"-related APIs

## **1. FAQs related to approval definitions**

**Q: Do not include x-frame-options in the request header of the three-party service page**

If you bring x-frame-options, the cache will always be opened in front of the request, and colleagues may have deleted x-frame-options, the client does not take the initiative to clear the cache once and the server does not generate a new version of the resource will always be unable to open the case

**Q: How to use node_list in approval definition searches?**

It is mainly used when "Selected by initiator" is set for the approval step (which can be ignored for the step selected by a non-initiator as it will be automatically transferred). The need_approver indicates whether the initiator needs to select approvers. If yes, the approvers corresponding to the step should be specified when initiating an instance. For the step ID, the node_id automatically generated by the system or the custom_node_id can be used.

**Q: How to write the token in the associated external option description document?**

It needs to be customized. Please try to generate a unique ID.

**Q: How to set the custom widget** **ID** **?**

For the widget ID, you can use the value of the custom_id.

**Q: When using external data for the single choice options of the approval form widget, the system indicates timeout.**

You have to wait for about 4s before obtaining the response data.

**Q: Can I use an** **API** **to modify approval definitions?**

No. It can only be modified in the backend.

**Q: Is there a rich text box with a URL** **can** **be clicked in the approval form design section?**

No.

**Q: Can external data be added to branch conditions of the approval process?**

Not all fields can be used as conditions. Supported fields include:

Initiator:

Certain widgets: Single choice, multiple choice, number, amount, formula, date range, and detail summary;

Leave type and leave duration in the leave widgets;

Overtime type and overtime duration in the overtime widgets;

Offsite type and offsite duration in the offsite widgets;

Departure, destination, transportation method, and travel duration in the travel widgets.

**Q: Is a department path available for the department returned by the "Obtain details of a single approval"** **API** **?**

No.

## **2. FAQs related to approval instances**

**Q: An error occurred when creating an instance form contact?**

The API currently does not support the form contact widget, which is scheduled to be available in the future (expected in May)

**Q: When** **perform** **a "Revoke" action, the status displayed in the callback data is** **"REVERTED"** **but why is the status of "CANCELED" displayed in the approval instance details obtained by calling an** **API** **?**

The API will not return "REVERTED", but the status depends on events. If the approval is canceled before it is completed, the status will be "CANCELED". If the approval is canceled when it ends, "REVERTED" will be returned.

**Q: Can I fill in the root department in the department_id field of the "Create approval instance"** **API** **?**

No.

**Q: Will the task_list field in the details of a single instance return all approval tasks or only the approval tasks of the current approver?**

All approval tasks will be returned.

**Q: Can I roll back steps in the approval process through OpenAPI? Can I roll back an approval to re-initiate a new one?**

No.

**Q: Will two approval processes be generated when the same request parameters are called twice within one second after the "Create approval instance"** **API** **failed?**

No. The approval process will only be updated.

**Q: In Lark's Approval, multiple members can be selected for the "Personnel" field. Can multiple members be obtained through the** **API** **?**

Multiple members can be obtained through the "Obtain details of a single approval instance" API.

**Q: There are 4 types of APIs for obtaining approval results, including leave, offsite,** **overtime** **, and travel. However, the interval returned by the leave type has no value.**

The value of interval is set when you apply for approval.

**Q: Does the form of the "Create approval instance"** **API** **need to be escaped?**

Yes.

**Q: Can the approval form under review only be recalled by the initiator? Others have no** **permissions** **to recall it, right?**

Yes.

**Q: If the same uuid is used when creating approvals, no matter how many approvals I create, are they the same approval instance?**

An error will occur if you use the same uuid.

**Q: Does the** **CC** **recipient of "Create approval instance" need to approve the approval instance?**

No. CC recipient can only see it.

**Q: Is the "Subscribe to approval process"** **field** **for instance_code unique?**

Yes.

**Q: When creating Lark approvals, the "Single choice" filed associated externally is not displayed in the Lark card.**

When the request is initiated on the user side, an external data source return API error will occur, so options cannot be obtained.

**Q: Is the uuid of the approval event listener the uuid entered when creating the approval instance?**

The event uuid is automatically generated, and indicates the uniqueness of the event, regardless of the uuid created.

**Q: After an approval task is rejected and re-submitted, will the approval no. change?**

In this case, a new approval task without content change is submitted.

## **3. FAQs related to third-party approvals**

**Q: When using the third-party approval app to sync an approval form, the task is not synced or is approved by the third party, but it is still in the to-do list.**

There are generally two reasons for this problem: 
1. Confirm the latest synchronized log information, whether to carry the latest status, maybe the approval is operated in the three-party system, but the task is not synchronized to Lark approval.
2. Use the update mode to synchronize (Sync instances request parameters update_mode="UPDATE"）, Not only to ensure that the outermost update_time is greater than the update_time of the last synchronization, but also to ensure that the update_time in the task_list and cc_list is greater than the update_time of the last synchronization. If the outer update_time is smaller than the last update, the entire data is not updated. If the update_time in the task_list is less than the last update time, it is only the corresponding task that is not updated. update_mode if it is "REPLACE", it is not update_time, and the entire requested data will be set to the latest data in the approval system.

Remarks: Many users are not clear about the access of the third-party approval, so they need a clear flowchart or description document. Most users are unwilling to read the access document or ignore the access document, so a guide or a simple access description is necessary.

**Q: The three-way audit interface was successfully synchronized, and the new task did not appear on the approver's to-do list?**
1. The new task does not appear in the approver's to-do list. First confirm whether the user ID is correct. If the user ID is passed incorrectly, it will not appear in the expected user to-do list.
2. Confirm whether the tenant token information matches the user, that is, in a multi-tenant scenario, whether the user has the tenant.

**Q: The sync instances interface is synchronized successfully, and the tasks on the to-do list cannot be deleted or there is still an approval agent list for the deleted tasks?**
1. It may be that the data synchronized to approval was deleted in the business side system, but the synchronization failed or the information was lost, you can query the user's Query the user's task list or List of tasks, After obtaining the information of the approval instance, call Sync instances  to delete。
2. In update mode, the update_time should be longer than the last synchronization time, otherwise it will be ignored, and the update_time of the two tasks will not update the data.

**Q: The approval task is synced, but there is no "Approve" or "Reject" button.**

The action_config field needs to be synced for the task, and the filed is used to set the quick approval actions.

**Q: The third-party approval cannot be synced to the to-do status in time.**

In Update mode, the update_time must be later than the last synchronization time, otherwise it would be ignored, and the update_time of the two tasks would also be filtered out.

**Q: There are** **excessive** **required fields for the third-party approval synchronization** **API** **. Is there a simple method available to only update the approval status?**

No.

## **4. FAQs related to Bot**
**Q: The Bot was sent successfully, but the user did not receive it?**

It may be that the uuid in the send Bot request parameter is repeated, try again after modification.
