---
title: "Overview"
url: "https://open.larksuite.com/document/uAjLw4CM/ukTMukTMukTM/reference/contact-v3/group/overview"
service: "contact-v3"
resource: "group"
section: "Contacts"
updated: "1646791348000"
---

#  Overview
##  Resource definition
A user group is a basic entity in Lark's organizational structure. User groups can be associated with users and departments, and can be referenced by various business permission controls to realize efficient and convenient group control.

For example, you can maintain "outsourcing members" in the "outsourcing user group" by using OpenAPI, and reference the "outsourcing user group" in the app availability or other business control rules, thus saving the cost of manually configuring outsourcing members in each business permission.

The following scenarios support control based on user groups:
1. The administrator sets the app availability for a user group.
2. The administrator sets recommended apps in Workplace for a user group.
3. The administrator sets the visible scope of organization based on user groups.
4. The administrator sets the field visibility of the name card page based on user groups.
5. The administrator sets chat permissions within the organization based on user groups.
6. The administrator sets Docs unavailability for a user group.
7. The administrator sets a restriction on external communication for a user group.
8. The administrator sets document permission default values based on user groups.

## Description of user group fields

| Parameter | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `group_id` | `string` | Unique identifier of a user group in a tenant, which can be customized when the user group is created, or will be automatically generated by the system if not customized. The group_id of user groups cannot be modified once created. **Data validation rules for a custom `group_id`**: - Maximum length: `64` characters - Validation rules: A combination of numbers and uppercase and lowercase letters without spaces. **Example value**: "g122817" |
| `name` | `string` | User group name, which is unique in a company - Maximum length: `100` characters - Validation rule: A string of 1 to 100 characters, which must be unique in the company. **Example value**: "IT outsourcing group" |
| `description` | `string` | User group description - Maximum length: `500` characters - Validation rules: 0-500 **Example value**: "IT outsourcing user group, for which fine-grained permission control is required." |
| `type` | `int` | User group type - option field Optional values are: 1: Common user group - Default value: 1 - Note: The definition of the type field will be added in the future. | ## User group ID description
The user group ID (`group_id`) is used to uniquely identify a user group in a tenant. It can be customized when the user group is created, or will be generated by the system if it is not customized. The `group_id` of user groups cannot be modified once created.

If you already have an entity like "user group" in your company's internal system and want to synchronize it to Lark for business permission control, you can write the unique identifier of the existing user group in your internal system when calling the user group creation API to the `group_id` in Lark. In this way, the user group ID in Lark can be consistent with the "user group" ID in your internal system, saving the mapping cost of cross-system calls.

## How to get the user group ID
You can get the user group ID in two ways:
1. Call the **Query user group information API**
2. Request the company administrator to query the user group ID in **Admin > Organization > User Group > View user group details**.

## Data example

```json 
  {
        "id": "g193821",
        "name": "IT outsourcing group",
        "description": "IT outsourcing group. Fine-grained permission control is required for this group.",
        "member_user_count": 2,
        "member_department_count": 0
  }
```
